Deprecate IContainerRuntimeOptions.flushMode (#23288)
microsoft/FluidFramework: .changeset/fancy-insects-sing.md

---
"@fluidframework/container-runtime": minor
---
---
"section": deprecation
---

> Deprecating `IContainerRuntimeOptions.flushMode`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IContainerRuntimeOptions.flushMode is now deprecated
```

> Only the default value `FlushMode.TurnBased` is supported when calling `ContainerRuntime.loadRuntime` directly,
> so there's no need for consumers to pass this option in.  We'll remove the option altogether in `2.20.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `IContainerRuntimeOptions.flushMode` property is deprecated and will be removed in version 2.20.0. 

Only the default value `FlushMode.TurnBased` is supported when calling `ContainerRuntime.loadRuntime` directly, so there's no need for consumers to pass this option in.
```
